[docs]: Updated CodePen links (#4232)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/rendering-elements.md

`embed:rendering-elements/render-an-element.js`

> **[Try it on CodePen](https://codepen.io/aniruddha-shriwant/pen/bGoXgLo?editors=1011)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Try it on CodePen](https://codepen.io/gaearon/pen/ZpvBNJ)**
```

`embed:rendering-elements/update-rendered-element.js`

> **[Try it on CodePen](https://codepen.io/aniruddha-shriwant/pen/WNZVRzM?editors=1011)**

Reviewer: https://codepen.io/gaearon/pen/gwoJZk ? This one?

Author: 💯

React DOM compares the element and its children to the previous one, and only applies the DOM updates necessary to bring the DOM to the desired state.

> You can verify by inspecting the [last example](https://codepen.io/aniruddha-shriwant/pen/WNZVRzM?editors=1011) with the browser tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify by inspecting the [last example](https://codepen.io/gaearon/pen/gwoJZk) with the browser tools:
```
